# Thinkful-Projects
3 capstone projects from my Thinkful Data Analytics course

<b>Capstone 1</b>

Lariet Rantal Cars

You're consulting as a data analyst for Lariat. They've hired you to make recommendations about how to make better decisions, which they measure in terms of the costs and revenue generated by their rental car fleet.

They've provided you with raw data in four Excel worksheets in four workbooks (more on this in the next checkpoint).

They've asked you to produce the following deliverables based on the raw data and the business objectives:

<ul>
<li>An Excel model that they can use to make data-informed decisions about their fleet. This should be based on the observed costs and revenue data from their fleet in recent years.
<li>A PowerPoint deck that provides an analysis of the problem and provides recommendations.
<li>A live presentation in which you present your findings to a Lariat executive.
</ul>
  
You'll be responsible for doing all the work to transform the raw data into those deliverables.
<br/>
<br/>

Capstone 2

Home prices

In this scenario, you're working as an analyst at an investment bank.

The team that you're working with wants to understand how it should allocate dollars earmarked for investment into mortgage-backed securities. They've asked you to look into the factors that drive home prices.
<br/>
<br/>

Capstone 3
  
Find an interesting dataset you want to work with. Then you'll use Python and pandas to explore and ultimately craft analysis for a final presentation. You'll need to produce visualizations and analysis in Python. 

Deliverables
<ul>
<li>A one-page proposal to be approved by the Thinkful grading team
<li>A Jupyter Notebook that tells a compelling story about your data
<li>A 5-10-minute presentation of your findings. You'll need to produce a slide deck and present it to the Thinkful community.
</ul>
